README.md, before:

## Node Editor Framework for Unity
This project aims to create an easy-to-use framework for creating graph-based displays in the Unity Editor and runtime.

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Node Editor Image" src="http://i.imgur.com/I3rDd7Y.jpg" width="60%"/>
</p>

### Major Features
- Convenient editor featuring zooming
- Automatic node calculation system
- Customisable drag'n'drop node connection system
- StateMachine Behaviour system (WIP)
- Dynamic extensions (Nodes, ConnectionTypes, NodeKnobs, ...) without touching framework code
- Extensive control over Node/Knob/Connection appearance, even individually
- Save/Load node canvas with auto save
- Fully customisable GUI and layout
- Growing runtime support
- Documentation and active support:)

### Documentation and Support
The documentation can be found at 'Docs/Node Editor Documentation.pdf'. If you spot any mistakes, inconsistencies, or improveable sections in the documentation, please contact [Seneral](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/seneral.638015/). You can also contact him for any type of question regarding the framework, or post on the [project thread](http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/simple-node-editor.189230/#post-2134738).

### Community and Contributing
I encourage anyone in the Community willing to contribute to step up and do so! There are plenty of things to do, with everything from easy to hard, which can be browsed [here](https://github.com/Baste-RainGames/Node_Editor/issues). In most cases it might help to contact the main developer [Seneral](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/seneral.638015/) when you have any questions regarding the framework itself or any of the plans linked above.

If you have any questions on how to commit, Unity made a tutorial about using git with SourceTree [here](https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials/topics/cloud-build/creating-your-first-source-control-repository), and to create pull requests atlassian made one [here](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/making-a-pull-request/how-it-works). Don't be confused by the fact that they're using Bitucket, the same applies to GitHub. If there is an issue describing the feature or bug you implemented, you should link it from withing the pull request:)

### Credits and Licensing
The project was started as a part of the thread ["Simple Node Editor"](http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/simple-node-editor.189230/#post-2134738) in may 2015 by [Seneral](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/seneral.638015/), and the repository was set up by [Baste Nesse Buanes](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/baste.185905/). You can find the full list of contributors [on this page](https://github.com/Baste-RainGames/Node_Editor/graphs/contributors). Additionally, [Vexe](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/vexe.280515/) has greatly helped with reflection related stuff.

The license used is the MIT License - see Docs/license.md

Commit message:

Updated group branch with updates on documentation in develop branch

README.md, after:

## Node Editor Framework for Unity
This project aims to create an easy-to-use framework for creating graph-based displays in the Unity Editor and runtime.

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Node Editor Image" src="http://i.imgur.com/I3rDd7Y.jpg" width="60%"/>
</p>

### Major Features
- Convenient editor featuring zooming
- Automatic node calculation system
- Customisable drag'n'drop node connection system
- StateMachine Behaviour system (WIP)
- Dynamic extensions (Nodes, ConnectionTypes, NodeKnobs, ...) without touching framework code
- Extensive control over Node/Knob/Connection appearance, even individually
- Save/Load node canvas with auto save
- Fully customisable GUI and layout
- Growing runtime support
- Documentation and active support:)

### Documentation and Support
The documentation can be found in the 'Docs' folder as raw markdown files to use with mkdocs and the compiled html version online [here](http://baste-raingames.github.io/Node_Editor/). Please contact [Seneral](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/seneral.638015/) for any type of question regarding the framework, or post on the [project thread](http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/simple-node-editor.189230/#post-2134738).

### Community and Contributing
I encourage anyone in the Community willing to contribute to step up and do so! There are plenty of things to do, with everything from easy to hard, which can be browsed [here](https://github.com/Baste-RainGames/Node_Editor/issues). In most cases it might help to contact the main developer [Seneral](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/seneral.638015/) when you have any questions regarding the framework itself or any of the plans linked above.

If you have any questions on how to commit, Unity made a tutorial about using git with SourceTree [here](https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials/topics/cloud-build/creating-your-first-source-control-repository), and to create pull requests atlassian made one [here](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/making-a-pull-request/how-it-works). Don't be confused by the fact that they're using Bitucket, the same applies to GitHub. If there is an issue describing the feature or bug you implemented, you should link it from withing the pull request:)

### Credits and Licensing
The project was started as a part of the thread ["Simple Node Editor"](http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/simple-node-editor.189230/#post-2134738) in may 2015 by [Seneral](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/seneral.638015/), and the repository was set up by [Baste Nesse Buanes](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/baste.185905/). You can find the full list of contributors [on this page](https://github.com/Baste-RainGames/Node_Editor/graphs/contributors). Additionally, [Vexe](http://forum.unity3d.com/members/vexe.280515/) has greatly helped with reflection related stuff.

The license used is the MIT License - see Docs/license.md
